SLIDE TO ANSWER
YUI
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13TH 2023
We're sorry, the person you are calling
cannot be reached.
-Please leave a message after the tone.
-Ah, seriously?
How annoying. Vacuuming at this hour.
But it's not even nine o'clock.
It's better than grumbling
in a quiet place, right?
Yui.
If something happens at work,
I want you to prioritize that.
I think it's good
when you prioritize work.
Why can't you just call me back?
Yui.
I mean look at these clothes.
Look at this hair!
"Today, maybe, just maybe…"
Or so I thought and I got all excited.
And one of the girls said to me,
"Oh, manager, I'll do your hair for you."
I'm sorry. How long have I been asleep?
I'm very embarrassed by the enthusiasm
I've put into this.
I feel like I got my hopes up.
I said I'm sorry.
You even took the day off,
which you don't normally do.
And today's my birthday.
That's enough.
Wait, don't look in there…
Hamburger
and caramel custard.
Well, at times like this,
"a fool's memory is the strongest."
That's enough.
Maybe another time.
I need to get up early for work tomorrow.
-I'm not waiting any longer.
-Yui.
If you have something to say, then say it.
I'll say it.
Today I had intended to…
Whatever.
I don't know what I'm doing.
No, wait… Yui!
Yui.
NO PARKING
-Ah, excuse me.
-No worries.
Maybe I'm crying
because I love you more than you love me.
ONE YEAR AGO
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13TH 2022
Congrats on turning 33.
Thank you.
Yeah, but 33. I'm old.
You haven't changed much
since junior high.
I'll take that as a compliment,
in a manner of speaking.
Well, you should eat.
You can use chopsticks.
Really? Well, then.
Thank you for the meal.
Delicious.
It's so easy to make you happy.
HUMMINGBIRD
It was delicious.
Thank you for the meal.
It's nice that we can
eat together like this.
It's your birthday, and I was
thinking of going someplace nicer.
Sorry I couldn't get off work.
-No, this is nice. I'm happy.
-And you request Hamburg steak again.
At times like this,
"a fool's memory is the strongest."
Oh, there it is. That line.
Then again, I'd love to do this
again next year.
Hey…
What?
Well, eat your dessert first.
What's wrong?
Sorry.
-It's salty.
-Huh?
I can't believe this. Sorry, are you okay?
How unlike you.
I…
I must have been nervous.
I've been nervous all day.
Hey, I've had this feeling
I don't want to just be good friends
or childhood friends.
If you just waited five more seconds…
You always say
what I was going to say first.
How do you know?
Yui!
We understand each other without words.
That's what I thought.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 15TH 2023
KANAGAWA POLICE
Any footprints?
-There were some at the front door.
-The front door?
This is the only security camera
in the entrance?
Yes.
I'll get the records
from the management company.
In the meantime, could you explain
this to the residents?
Sure.
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
MONDAY, JANUARY 16TH, 2023
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
But he hasn't come home for three days.
That's unusual.
So, as you can see here…
The form is now called
a missing person's report.
Not just anyone can file one.
To file one you must be
a relative or employer,
the head of a school or organization…
But this one…
"Someone the person
is in a romantic relationship with."
That's a bit vague, isn't it?
How do you prove that someone's
in a romantic relationship?
-Do you have a picture?
-Ah, a picture.
What…?
I don't have many.
Wow, he's very handsome.
-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to…
-I don't know about handsome…
He's smiling here,
but he rarely smiles like this.
But, he's a nice guy.
He's not the type of person
to leave without saying anything.
-I see.
-He always says unnecessary things.
He's not upfront.
And he looks angry
because of his intense stare.
But,
he's really…
sincere,
and kind…
I'm sorry.
Crying is the worst.
Why don't you accept it?
Ah, Mr. Uozumi.
Excuse me. I might be using
this copier upstairs for a while.
Go ahead.
But it'll just end up in the database.
Well, unless you actually need
probation or something,
the police don't often take action
when it's a missing adult male.
Is that so?
In most cases, they disappear
of their own volition.
Relationships are complicated after all.
The world is full of them.
-I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.
-It's fine.
If that's the case,
I was simply dumped. Is that it?
Uh, no, well, who knows?
-Please do.
-Thank you.
-Right this way.
-Okay.
You're never going to let it go, huh.
You got asked out,
and then were dumped in one month.
How terrible.
She wasn't who I thought she was.
Huh? Oh…
Must have been boring for her.
-Yeah.
-Right?
It's decided that we'll
set up a task force.
We haven't had a murder case for a while.
How horrible.
HUMMINGBIRD
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
I see.
-Did they accept it?
-Yes.
I was going to go
if they didn't accept you.
But it seems they won't search
for just anything.
But, you know, I hate to say this, but…
he could've been in an accident
or be sick somewhere.
If he is unable to contact you,
there's the chance the hospital will call.
Yeah.
What about the restaurant?
It's closed for the time being.
Since Naoki practically runs this place.
Are you eating well?
No, I was so nervous about
going to the police station. I'm hungry.
Ah, let's see…
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm the owner,
but I can't cook or anything.
It's okay. I have to go to work anyway.
Let me know if anything comes up.
It'll be fine. Take care.
You too.
HUMMINGBIRD'S CHILDREN'S RESTAURANT
THE FEBRUARY EVENT
WILL BE HELD ON THE 11TH
Naoki said he was
coming up with a new menu.
I wonder what it is.
I look forward to it.
The incident occurred
on Thursday, January 12.
According to the autopsy…
the victim died between 3 and 5 p.m.
Death by asphyxiation
due to strangulation with a cord.
The murder weapon is believed
to have been taken away.
The initial investigation and…
Sorry for troubling you.
All the other salons were booked today.
No, it's okay. I had an open slot.
There are days when
you really need a haircut.
Did you just get out of school?
I… was just dumped.
You need to become even
prettier by the end of the day.
What kind of look should we do?
Want to look at some pictures?
I feel at peace when I'm doing my job.
Nothing in this area right now.
Yes.
Ah, okay.
Okay, I'll be heading back then.
It looks great!
There you go.
-Can you take my picture?
-Of course.
It's nice to make people happy.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Which angle do you prefer?
Usually in an hour from now,
we'd meet up to talk or talk on the phone.
I'm taking the picture now.
But now we can't even have
that kind of casual conversation.
-I'm taking the picture now.
-What if I never see him again…
Naoki.
Where are you?
What the hell?
He's just hanging around here.
What?
Can you see me?
Hey, you. You!
Thank goodness!
Finally someone I can talk to.
You see, nobody will talk to me!
What?! You can see me?
Please help me.
Yes, of course.
Police are here to help citizens--
You're a police officer?
What kind of situation am I in…?
Are you…
dead?
What did you say?
I'm sorry, but I can't help you.
Please. There's no one else I can talk to.
I've spent so many days searching…
My abilities in that area
are still lacking.
In that area?
Ah, it's nothing.
If you're a police officer
you should be able to help me.
Anyways,
please ask someone else to help you.
I'm sorry.
I'm in trouble, so please help me!
I'm really sorry,
but I'm in the middle of work.
Hey!
-Let's take a picture there!
-Good idea!
Hurry up.
Seriously, what the hell's going on?
Bon appetit.
It's delicious.
TWO YEARS AGO
JANUARY 1ST, 2021
Delicious…
-Delicious!
-Is it?
This…
NAOKI TORINO
Yui?
We hadn't seen each other in 20 years.
Oh, um…
Naoki?
Still eating everything with chopsticks?
Hm?
-How do you remember that?
-Excuse me.
Can we change table two's omelet rice
to the set meal B?
That's fine.
Have them choose a drink and dessert.
We're out of rare cheesecake,
so can you erase it?
Yes, I will.
-After you're done eating…
-Excuse me.
I'll have the cabbage roll,
the set meal A.
One cabbage roll set A coming up.
-Sorry to bother you.
-No, it's fine.
Ah, sorry, Kento.
Clean up that table for them to sit.
-Will do.
-Welcome.
He'll clean the table for you.
-Sorry, let's talk later.
-Okay.
HUMMINGBIRD
-I can't believe it!
-You scared me!
You haven't changed at all, Naoki!
But isn't it amazing?
I noticed it was you when I tasted it.
I'm glad to hear that.
How have you been?
Sorry.
I was so excited and happy.
I'm sorry for jumping on you so suddenly.
Wow, you can act like an adult.
Well, we're both over 30.
You're still the same,
always throwing in little jabs.
Same goes for you.
I could tell right away. You had
"delicious" written all over your face.
Because it really was delicious!
I was like, "Oh, this is so good!"
I was more surprised by
the Hamburg steak than you.
I'm amazing.
My cooking can bring back
memories from 20 years ago.
The way you said that was nostalgic.
Do you have any plans tonight?
Alright! Let's go drinking!
I was going to say that first.
We've known each other
since middle school.
We both had situations
that caused us to live together
with a foster family for a while.
We were like siblings.
I didn't think you'd become a chef.
Restaurants are simple.
When a customer is happy,
you can see it on their faces.
Same for me.
-As a hairdresser?
-Yeah.
I'm happy when I make others happy.
But to be frank, it's a scary business.
Food goes straight into the human body.
A haircut can change
a person's appearance.
But that's okay, isn't it?
We're committed to people.
So you're the kind of person
who would call himself committed?
Sorry.
I shouldn't have said that.
I'm not mad at you.
-That's just--
-Just my face.
You used to say that a lot back then.
Damn.
I'm sorry. I always say
these kinds of things around you.
This is fun.
Then put on a happy face.
After we reunited,
we saw each other almost every day because
we worked and lived close to each other.
That was my reasoning for it.
No way.
-What's that?
-What should we eat?
What are you looking at?
This.
THE CAT WHO LIVED A MILLION TIMES
This same book was in our house, remember?
I'll buy it.
I was going to buy it first.
KIDS EATERY
ALL ARE WELCOME
You've all got some, yes?
Say, "Thank you for the meal."
Thank you for the meal.
What is this?
Hm? It's called a Hamburg steak.
We can try to make it at home.
-Eisuke, Hiro is here.
-You guys…
I told you to be on time. Sit down.
Sorry, Naoki.
It's fine.
They're probably hungry.
They're boys, after all.
Should I fry something?
Give me a minute.
That's great.
How about PE? Or music?
Music is my third favorite subject.
-Okay, what's the second one?
-The second one is…
He said:
"Once, I was a circus cat, you know."
"Oh," is all the white cat would say.
Then he said,
"You know, I've lived a million times…"
Then he asked,
"Do you mind if I stay with you?"
to the white cat.
"Yes," said the white cat.
"From then on, the cat
was always with the white cat."
You're good. The whole country will cry
hearing you.
Be quiet.
Can you come here for a sec?
Sorry.
What is it?
Your eyes are red and your voice sounds
different. Probably getting a fever.
Let's go.
Why were we okay
with being apart this whole time?
It already went down, right?
How high was your temperature?
About 37.8 degrees.
I'm fine now.
I'm just a little tired, that's all.
If you're tired, take the day off.
You didn't have to help me.
You haven't paid attention
to your health, since we were kids.
You notice too many things.
-That's because you strain yourself.
-No, I don't.
Helping you is fun, so I wanted to do it.
I know. Here, eat.
I will.
So flavorful! I'm so happy.
You know,
I feel like I'm being fed all the time.
Well, that's about right.
If you eat that much, you'll be fine.
Your voice is back to normal.
But why do you know so much about me?
Well, you also always seem to
know what I'm thinking.
I know.
Even now.
What?
Oh?
I was wrong.
You're not wrong.
Love is an illusion.
Some people might say.
We may have thought so once too…
But we were different.
Did I get it right?
You did.
He's the only one for me.
That's what I thought.
I truly thought
it wasn't just me.
It's sweet this time.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2023
POLICE INVESTIGATION REPORT
I'm in trouble, so please help me!
OLDER SISTER
Hello? What's up?
Oh, you answered. Thank goodness.
Yuzuru, is something wrong?
I'm just calling 'cause I'm curious.
Huh? Why?
It's just a feeling.
Nothing's wrong. Sorry, I'm still at work.
Did you see one, by chance?
Oh, you did? I just had that feeling.
Impressive, as always.
Mana, don't make a mess! You too, Shota!
Sorry.
So? Did you run away?
Even though he said, "Please help me"?
I was pretty spooked.
It was the first time
I'd seen anything like that.
Well, we've been told we have
a family history of seeing spirits.
But, you could never see them.
And it was talking to me so normally.
Why don't you think of it as training
and go meet with him?
I feel sorry for him,
but I think he's dead.
I don't think he'll ever accept it,
but If he doesn't accept it,
he'll just keep on wandering.
You should give him a hand. See ya!
But I don't know where he is.
You startled me!
I need your help.
Thank you for coming all the way out here.
I'm Uozumi from the Sakihama Police.
We met the other day.
Thank you for your help.
Do you have any information about Naoki?
Well…
Please!
I'm very confused
as to how to tell you this.
It's fine.
I'm ready to hear it.
Well, uh, you see…
Right now, Naoki Torino
is standing next to me.
Can you see him?
-Huh? Oh, uh, well…
-Why did you say it like that?
Yui! Yui, I'm here.
-What are you--
-Uh, sorry.
He asked me to tell you he's still here.
He just said "I'm here" to you.
What are you talking about?
-Are you messing with me?
-No, I'm not.
-Naoki is--
-Enough already!
You know…
I've been so worried about him
that I'm going crazy.
Why would a police officer
say these things?
It's not a joke. Please go away.
Yui!
Anyways, I told her.
It's up to her to decide
how she'll perceive it.
Maybe you're not very good
at communicating.
"Right now, Naoki is standing next to me.
Can you see him?"
Saying it so directly with a serious face.
Of course she'd be scared.
Well then, how
should I have said it?
The situation you're in now.
I'm the only one who can help you
in this situation and act normal about it.
I feel bad that I can't help.
But I can't do anything for you right now.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
Wait, I'm sorry.
I know I'm causing you trouble, but--
Excuse me.
Yui.
I'm sorry for getting upset with you.
I thought I might've misheard something.
Uh, well, I also…
I mean, um…
We need a clue to find
Mr. Naoki Torino, so…
I was wondering if I could talk to you.
If that's the case, then, of course.
GUSTO CAFE RESTAURANT
Please take this seat here.
-Can I get a coffee?
-Yes, sir.
-I'll have the same.
-One moment, please.
Are you in contact with
Mr. Torino's family?
Naoki never talked about his family.
We've known each other since childhood.
We met 20 years ago.
DECEMBER 2002
We're here.
Yui's here!
You're here!
That's Naoki Torino, the boy I told you
about. He's also a second year student.
He was actually supposed
to be back home by now.
Things have changed
and he'll be here for a while longer.
He's a very nice boy.
Well then, let's welcome Yui Soma.
Please eat a lot tonight.
-Let's eat.
Naoki made this Hamburg steak, right?
He's very good at cooking.
Wow, that's amazing.
-Delicious!
-Is it?
That's good.
This house gets cold at night.
-But…
-I hardly wear this one.
I mean, I don't wear sweaters.
Thank you.
I didn't bring anything to wear.
It's so warm.
Also, the Hamburg steak
you made was really delicious.
Well, not really.
It was really delicious.
It's rude if I don't tell you, right?
I see…
After that…
I don't know why, but… we hit it off.
There you go.
Thank you, Mrs. Mikiko.
These look amazing.
Why am I making your boyfriend's lunch?
It's a waste of a gift
if you don't use it.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
I was dumped.
He's in love with someone else.
He was probably two-timing me.
Say something.
I'll go to that loser…
and tell him I made that lunch.
What the…
We didn't know each other's
family circumstances.
We never asked.
When we entered high school,
we each went home to our parents.
I went with my mother to Sendai.
I think Naoki went to a dormitory
at some prep school.
We knew each other's contact information.
But we ended up growing apart.
But then, about two years ago,
we met again by chance.
I was so happy.
-Me too.
-Please.
Please look for him.
-Yui, I'm really--
-Please.
I…
don't know how to explain this
to you.
Naoki is…
Yes?
He's sitting…
right over there.
I can see him. I can also hear his voice.
He's saying he has
the same feelings as you.
I know it sounds strange.
My family runs a temple.
We've seen spirits for generations.
Please stop this already.
Because, it's as if…
you're saying Naoki's dead.
Yes.
You're wrong.
You said it before, didn't you?
Most people disappear on their own.
I was dumped.
-No…
-It's alright.
Believing Naoki is alive somewhere
is much better than being told he's dead.
I can accept it.
Thank you for your concern.
-Um…
-The white cat.
-Tell Yui that she is the white cat!
-Wh… White cat!
-Huh?
-Um…
He said that you are the white cat.
-What are you talking about?
I'll be leaving now.
Yui.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18TH, 2023
Good morning.
You didn't sleep, did you?
Are you alright?
He said that you are the white cat.
It can't be.
Yui! Yui!
Watch out!
That was close.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm sorry.
There's a hospital over there.
If you don't feel well, I can take you.
I work there.
Oh, no, I'm fine.
-But…
-Maybe…
I'm just hungry.
Huh? Hungry?
Maybe.
It's nothing, I'm sorry.
I really appreciate it.
-Alright, take care.
-I will.
That's it.
There's no way. It's impossible.
You can do it. Keep stirring.
Huh?
You don't have to
clatter around like that.
Next measure the seasonings. Salt, pepper,
nutmeg, cinnamon, sage, oregano, dill.
Wait, I don't know what those are.
Which ones-- Ah!
Ah, it's hot!
Calm down and do it. This is simple.
It might be easy for you,
but it's hard for me.
I can cook my own food
as well as anyone else.
But it's impossible to replicate
the flavors of a professional chef.
So, it's not easy.
It's your original flavor, right?
That's right. Only I can make this.
That's why I want you to make it
to prove I'm here.
Yui is trying to be strong
but she's confused and tired.
I want to tell her I'm right here
with her, but I can't.
That's why I'm asking you.
Huh? I…
I can grab it.
Why?
You asked me to come here.
-How did you get the key?
-Yui.
-I…
-Huh?
No.
What's going on?
Please stop with this.
What are you trying to do?
-I wanted you to know that I'm here.
-I told you already.
Naoki doesn't love me anymore, so he left.
I was happy to see Naoki again.
I wondered why we were okay
with being apart for 20 years.
For that long.
I was happy to meet someone who
I wanted to stay together forever with.
But, it was just me thinking that way.
No.
You're wrong.
Who…
are you?
Anyways,
I want you to eat this.
Please.
HUMMINGBIRD
This…
-What the?
-Guess I can't stay in your body forever.
What happened to me… huh?
Huh, Miss Soma?
Hey, what did you do?
Are you alright?
-Huh?
-Please. Go with it.
I'm fine.
Anyways, please go ahead and eat.
Thank you for the food.
This…
How?
Tell her I possessed you and made it.
Um.
Naoki said he possessed me and made it.
What are you talking about?
You're wondering too, right?
How does it taste?
It's delicious.
There's that too.
Oh, also…
there's this as well.
It's salty…
Huh?
Funny how one silly memory
is the strongest.
Right?
Naoki.
I'm here.
I can't see you.
I can't hear your voice.
-Yui.
-But I know…
you're right here by my side.
But that means…
Are you…
dead?
THURSDAY, JANUARY 19TH, 2023
-Get the car.
-Yes, sir.
WOMAN STRANGULATION MURDER CASE
SPECIAL INVESTIGATION DEPARTMENT
You should be a little more careful, Yui.
I'm a police officer.
Isn't this guy the real suspect?
I've kept my mouth shut.
As long as I can feel you, I'll be fine.
I should have told her I loved her.
I'll tell you how to come back to life.
I'd like to have you identify the body.
Naoki.